👷 Adding Github actions analysis workflow (#183)
PediatricOpenTargets/OpenPBTA-analysis: README.md

Running this will change the symlinks in `data` to point to the files in `data/testing`.

#### Adding Analyses to Circle CI

> For an analysis to be run in CI, it must be added to the Circle CI configuration file, [`.circleci/config.yml`](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis/blob/master/.circleci/config.yml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an analysis to be run in CI, it must be added to the Circle CI configuration file, [`.circleci/config.yml`](https://github.com/PediatricOpenTargets/OpenPedCan-analysis/blob/dev/.circleci/config.yml).
```

Author: > I added several comments and corrected some URLs in README.md.

Thanks! I'll commit these now!

This would run the `cluster-samples.R` on the subset files that are specifically designed to be used for CI.

#### Adding Analyses to Github Actions workflow

> For an analysis to be run in a Github Actions workflow, it must be added to [`.github/run-analysis.yml`](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis/blob/dev/.github/run-analysis.yml). Here is an example of a step in that workflow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an analysis to be run in a Github Actions workflow, it must be added to [`.github/run-analysis.yml`](https://github.com/PediatricOpenTargets/OpenPedCan-analysis/blob/dev/.github/workflows/run-analysis.yml). Here is an example of a step in that workflow:
```

```yaml
      - name: Run RUN-telomerase-activity-prediction in container
        uses: ./
        id: RUN-telomerase-activity-prediction
        with:
          args: bash analyses/telomerase-activity-prediction/RUN-telomerase-activity-prediction.sh
```

> The `uses:` tag specifies for the step to run using the action defined in the [`action.yml`](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis/blob/dev/action.yml) file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `uses:` tag specifies for the step to run using the action defined in the [`action.yml`](https://github.com/PediatricOpenTargets/OpenPedCan-analysis/blob/dev/action.yml) file.
```

```yaml
name: "Run OpenPedCan Analysis"
description: "Run analysis workflow"
runs:
  using: "docker"
  image: "Dockerfile"
  entrypoint: "scripts/run-analysis.sh"
```

> In this file, the workflow is run in the docker container defined in [`Dockerfile`](https://github.com/PediatricOpenTargets/OpenPedCan-analysis/blob/master/Dockerfile) using [`scripts/run-analysis.sh`](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis/blob/dev/scripts/run-analysis.sh) as an entrypoint script. Any commands defined under the `with: args:` tags in [`.github/run-analysis.yml`](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis/blob/dev/.github/run-analysis.yml) will run as commands inside of the docker container when the action is run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this file, the workflow is run in the docker container defined in [`Dockerfile`](https://github.com/PediatricOpenTargets/OpenPedCan-analysis/blob/dev/Dockerfile) using [`scripts/run-analysis.sh`](https://github.com/PediatricOpenTargets/OpenPedCan-analysis/blob/dev/scripts/run-analysis.sh) as an entrypoint script. Any commands defined under the `with: args:` tags in [`.github/run-analysis.yml`](https://github.com/PediatricOpenTargets/OpenPedCan-analysis/blob/dev/.github/run-analysis.yml) will run as commands inside of the docker container when the action is run.
```

> To add a new analysis job, take the template below and value each missing prompt, then add it to [`.github/run-analysis.yml`](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis/blob/dev/.github/run-analysis.yml)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a new analysis job, take the template below and value each missing prompt, then add it to [`.github/run-analysis.yml`](https://github.com/PediatricOpenTargets/OpenPedCan-analysis/blob/dev/.github/run-analysis.yml)
```
